Call out rate limiting for public buckets (#6485)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/data-access/public-buckets.md

Enabling managed public access for your bucket will make the content of your bucket available to the Internet through a `r2.dev` Cloudflare subdomain.
To enable public access for your buckets:

{{<Aside type="note">}}

Public access through `r2.dev` subdomains are rate limited and should only be used for development purposes.

> To enable access management, Cache and bot management features, you must set up a custom domain when enabling public access to your bucket.

Reviewer: Should this maybe be instead of enabling public access to your bucket

Author: That copy's unchanged from earlier (just moved up so the info's above the steps to enable). I think the phrasing gets a little confusing with the phrasing of `Managed Pubic Access` vs more generic "public access" so I'd lean toward just doing nothing as it's already been reviewed.

> To enable access management, Cache and bot management features, you must set up a custom domain when enabling public access to your bucket.

Reviewer 2: How about something like:

```suggestion
For production workloads requiring public access to your bucket, you must set up a custom domain. This also enables the use of Cache, bot management and access management features
```

That makes it clearer that custom domains are intended for production workloads and that the difference isn't just those extra features.

Author: The latter bit there is just moving up from lower in the doc (no changes here). I actually prefer the phrasing calling out the functionality first followed by what action users need to take.

Author: I'll merge this one as-is for now; if we continue to see noise and confusion related to it, we can revisit and easily update later.
